Vanilla: Interface Logic 1	Handles logic related to mouse input while using items held on the cursor.
Vanilla: MP Player Names	Draws other players' names, distances, health text, and head icons.
Vanilla: Emote Bubbles	Draws emote bubbles for NPCs and players as well as the NPC chat bubble when hovering over an NPC.
Vanilla: Entity Markers	Draws the minion targeting marker for manually targeted NPCs.
Vanilla: Smart Cursor Targets	Draws the targeted tile highlight when placing or breaking with smart cursor.
Vanilla: Laser Ruler	Draws the mechanical ruler tile grid.
Vanilla: Ruler	Draws the ruler lines and sets the ruler text value but doesn't draw the text itself.
Vanilla: Gamepad Lock On	Draws indicators for NPC lock on.
Vanilla: Tile Grid Option	Draws the radial tile grid overlay for the tile grid option.
Vanilla: Town NPC House Banners	Draws NPC home banners and handles logic for manually kicking out NPCs from their home.
Vanilla: Hide UI Toggle	Handles logic for hiding UI based on the hide UI toggle.
Vanilla: Wire Selection	Draws and handles logic for the wire selection radial menu and wire mode cursor preview. Also draws the golf swing power gague and golf ball indicator arrow.
Vanilla: Capture Manager Check	Draws and handles logic for camera mode.
Vanilla: Ingame Options	Draws and handles logic for the ingame options menu.
Vanilla: Fancy UI	Draws Fancy UIs such as the Achievements UI, Virutal Keyboard UI, and Mod Config UI.
Vanilla: Achievement Complete Popups	Draws ingame notifications for Achievements and Join Requests.
Vanilla: Entity Health Bars	Draws health bars for NPCs and other players.
Vanilla: Invasion Progress Bars	Draws invasion progress bars and boss health bars.
Vanilla: Map / Minimap	Draws the ingame minimap. (Doesn't draw the fullscreen map or overlay map)
Vanilla: Diagnose Net	Draws network diagnostics.
Vanilla: Diagnose Video	Draws rendering diagnostics.
Vanilla: Sign Tile Bubble	Draws the sign chat bubble when hovering over a sign.
Vanilla: Hair Window	Draws the stylist hairstyle menu.
Vanilla: Dresser Window	Draws the dresser menu.
Vanilla: NPC / Sign Dialog	Draws dialogue menus for NPCs and signs.
Vanilla: Interface Logic 2	Handles logic related to inventory colors.
Vanilla: Resource Bars	Draws health, mana, and breath bars, as well as buff icons.
Vanilla: Interface Logic 3	Handles logic for when the player inventory is closed.
Vanilla: Inventory	Draws and handles logic for everything inventory related.
Vanilla: Info Accessories Bar	Draws and handles logic for PDA informations.
Vanilla: Settings Button	Draws and handles logic for the Settings button.
Vanilla: Hotbar	Draws and handles logic for the hotbar.
Vanilla: Builder Accessories Bar	Draws and handles logic for builder accessory toggles.
Vanilla: Radial Hotbars	Draws and handles logic for the radial hotbar and radial quickbar.
Vanilla: Mouse Text	Draws ruler measurement text and handles logic for setting mouse text.
Vanilla: Player Chat	Draws the chat.
Vanilla: Death Text	Draws the death text overlay.
Vanilla: Cursor	Draws the cursor.
Vanilla: Debug Stuff	Does absolutely nothing.
Vanilla: Mouse Item / NPC Head	Draws items held on the cursor, also draws and handles logic for manually moving NPC homes.
Vanilla: Mouse Over	Draws sign text and handles logic for hovering over resource bars, NPCs, players, and dropped items.
Vanilla: Interact Item Icon	Draws custom cursor icons and the currently selected item in the inventory. (Doesn't draw items held on the cursor)
Vanilla: Interface Logic 4	Draws gamepad instructions, any pending mouse text, and handles logic related to interacting with NPCs using smart cursor.